Fix #21 - Add Absolute path of where temporary file is downloaded to (#22)
Deveryware/ansible-role-sonar: README.md

| `sonar_group` | UNIX sonar group | `sonar` |
| `sonar_install_method` | See below | `copy` |
| `sonar_plugins` | List of official plugins to intsall. See below | `[]` |

> | `sonar_tmp_dest` | Absolute path of where temporary file is downloaded to. | path defaults to ansible's remote_tmp setting |

Reviewer: I would prefer a less wordy sentence for the `Default` column.

```suggestion
| `sonar_tmp_dest` | Absolute path of where temporary file is downloaded to. | [`tmp_dest`](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/ansible/builtin/get_url_module.html)'s default |
```
